Add metrics monitoring content (#134)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/explore-metrics.asciidoc

[[explore-metrics]]
= Group and analyze metrics

The *Metrics explorer* page enables you to create time-series visualizations based on
aggregation of your metrics, chart them against related metrics, and break them down
per the field of your choice. You can you group and create visualizations of metrics
for one or more resources that you are monitoring.

> Additionally, for detailed analyses of your metrics you can annotate and save visualizations for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for detailed analyses of your metrics, you can annotate and save visualizations for
```

your custom dashboards by using the {kibana-ref}/dashboard.html#tsvb[Time Series Visual Builder (TSVB)] within {kib}.

By default, the Metrics Explorer page displays the CPU usage for hosts, Kubernetes pods, and Docker containers.
The initial configuration has the *Average* aggregation selected, the *of* field is populated with the default metrics,
and the *graph per* dropdown is set to `Everything`.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/metrics-explorer.png[Metrics explorer]

As an example, let’s view the system load metrics for hosts we’re currently monitoring with {metricbeat}.

1. In the *of* field, delete the selected metrics, and then add `system.load.1`, `system.load.5`, and `system.load.15`.
+
The graph displays the average values of the metrics you selected.
+
2. In the *graph per* dropdown, add `host.name`.
+
There is now an individual graph displaying the average values of the metrics for each host. 
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/metrics-explorer-filter.png[Metrics explorer query]
+

> 3. Select *Actions* in the top right hand corner of one of the graphs, and then click *Add filter*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select *Actions* in the top right-hand corner of one of the graphs and then click *Add filter*. 
```

in the second row of the Metrics Explorer configuration.
+
4. Let's analyze some host-specific metrics. In the *of* field, delete each one of the system load metrics.
+
5. To explore the outbound network traffic, enter the `system.network.out.bytes` metric. This is a monotonically increasing
value, so from the aggregation dropdown select `Rate`.
+
6. Hosts have multiple network interfaces, so it is more meaningful to display one graph for each network interface.
From the *graph per* dropdown, add the `system.network.name` field.
+
There is now a separate graph for each network interface.
+
7. Let's visualize one of the graphs in {kibana-ref}/TSVB.html[TSVB]. Choose a graph, click *Actions*, and then select *Open In Visualize*.
+
In this visualization the max of `system.network.out.bytes` is displayed, filtered by `host.name` and `system.network.name`.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/metrics-time-series.png[Time series chart]
+
The `derivative` aggregation is used to calculate the difference between each bucket. By default, the value of units
is automatically set to `1s`, along with the `positive only` aggregation.
+

> To calculate the network traffic for all the interfaces, from the *group by* dropdown select `terms`, and add the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To calculate the network traffic for all the interfaces, from the *group by* dropdown, select `terms` and add the 
```

> `system.network.name` field. You will also need to add the *Series Agg* aggregation, along with the `sum` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`system.network.name` field. You will also need to add the *Series Agg* aggregation and the `sum` function.
```

+

> 8. If you would like to save this visualization and add it to a custom dashboard at a later time, click *Save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If you would like to save this visualization and add it to a custom dashboard later, click *Save*.
```
